What a shit general
I think this is what you self-appointed
As far as I know
Heaven Dou God will have that lord dear
God of the Hand
Do you have any?
I didn't hum.
Just admit it.
Second cousin took them all away
God will make nature in Heaven Dou God General
Mr. Lin, look at what I do
I can't have a God-given heart
You're courting death.
Don't implicate my family, do you hear me?
He admitted it himself
What are you still defending for him, Hua Qiyue?
You can think about it.
Especially that day on the Skylark
I was there.
Why didn't I know someone granted a decree from God?
Hmph, really open your eyes and talk nonsense
But this is the meaning of heaven
That prayer thanks Mr. Lin
Suya, bring the box up
Oh, come on.
I don't have time to talk to you
Get him under me
If you don't give me back